Support custom logger configuration (#265)
Soluto/stitch: docs/logging.md

# Logging

> Stitch uses [`pino`](https://github.com/pinojs/pino) logger. The logger default configuration can be finded [here](../services/src/modules/logger.ts).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Stitch uses [`pino`](https://github.com/pinojs/pino) logger. The logger's default configuration can be found [here](../services/src/modules/logger.ts).
```
